and when the level is here the ball is
full shut
so what have i done here
i have ensured that for a small change
in the
deviation
i am creating a bigger change in the
opening of the wall or shutting of the
wall
so this adjustment is in simple terms
called the proportional band the narrow
the proportional band
i can reduce the maximum deviation
now this is what people roughly refer to
as proportional band
it is in fact it in fact uh tells you
about the sensitivity of
the corrective action
with respect to the error
this proportional band is also sometimes
mathematically they define it as it is
the opposite of gain
but uh
we will not speak about it honestly here
to keep things simple